from the Columbia Studios in Hollywood
comes an exciting new film triumph a
companion hit - mr. Smith goes to
Washington his girl Friday co-starring a
thrilling new pair of screen lovers
devil-may-care Cary Grant and ravishing
Rosalind Russell let's listen in to one
of their tender idyllic love scenes I am
fond of you you know a girl I often wish
you weren't such a stinker
[Music]
just escape jailbreak Hildy Johnson will
you get me grab that phone fella nice
and honor though I won't is your
reprieve as they try to pride me right
away he's talking like a try out of the
mouths of babes hi babe
mr. Baldwin Bruce's mother
[Music]
please tell me please tell me the truth
please shut up burns you wanted to get
away from you and everything you stand
for but you were too scared to partner
and changed your mind didn't take Hitler
and stick him on the funny page
[Music]